Come on, I'm not ready yet
Then tell me what you were thinking just now.
Jiang Lili
You haven't told me what I asked you before
That will be in the future, not yet
Jiang Lili
Jiang Lili, are you there?
Zhou Yuchen, why are you here?
I know you're housewarming today
Specially came to congratulate
By the way, make an appointment with the designer of Jiangda
When are you free to come and sit at my place?
Let me give you an interview
Interview really
Your golden pictorial is so good
Others definitely can't
But you can.
Why didn't I know you two knew each other before?
We have known each other since we were children
You were still in the army at that time
Why didn't you tell me?
There are so many things you haven't heard
Well, let's make an appointment for next Tuesday.
Then you can come to the clothing factory to find me.
Well, I'll go up first. Okay.
The next time you go downstairs
It's better to call my name
Why am I the factory manager?
If you don't agree
I won't let the security let you in
But ginger
Li Lihe
Xu Lin'an doesn't seem to know each other very well
Could it be that they